[master < T262-MAGE] Document get_subgraph (#450)
memgraph/docs: mage/query-modules/cpp/community_detection.md

## Abstract

> This query module makes available the [Louvain method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louvain_method)<sup>[1]</sup> for community

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be
This query module makes the Louvain method available for community detection, ... ?

Author: Agree with that, but your wording risks misinterpretation as "This query module makes the Louvain method {available for community detection} [...]". Does "This query module provides the Louvain method [...]" work?

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, just committed the former!

> This query module makes available the [Louvain method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louvain_method)<sup>[1]</sup> for community

Author: ```suggestion
This query module provides the [Louvain method](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louvain_method)<sup>[1]</sup> for community
```
